Splunk: PAPP-23575 Code Fix (#5)
splunk-soar-connectors/splunk: release_notes/unreleased.md

**Unreleased**

> * Added sleeptime between REST calls to improve the performance [PAPP-23575]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a sleep time between REST calls to improve the performance [PAPP-23575]
```

Reviewer 2: Done
